Add note on OOM risk for timevectors (#536)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/function-pipelines.md

Pandas, and PromQL.

<highlight type="warning">

> 	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Experimental features could have bugs! They might not be backwards compatible,
and could be removed in future releases. Use these features at your own risk,

> and do not use any experimental features in production. Notably, `timevector()`
> _will_ materialize all its datapoints in memory, so using it on an excesively
> large dataset will run out of memory.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and do not use any experimental features in production. 
</highlight>

<highlight type="important">
The `timevector()` function materializes all its data points in 
memory. This means that if you use it on a very large dataset, 
it runs out of memory. Do not use the `timevector` function 
on a large dataset, or in production.
```

Reviewer: The trick with admonitions is to keep them to a single topic, and to restate the problem in more than one way, especially if you're at important or warning level.

<highlight type="warning">
Experimental features could have bugs! They might not be backwards compatible,
and could be removed in future releases. Use these features at your own risk,
and do not use any experimental features in production. 
</highlight>

> 

Reviewer 2: This, btw, is true of any of our functions requiring sorting as well...including at least `time_weight` and `counter_agg`...it seems a bit stark given that...

Reviewer: We use this same comment in a lot of places. If you think we're missing it somewhere, we can add it in.
